We've come to an end of this module.
So let's look back at what you've learned in this module.
You learned how to work with a Microsoft PowerPoint presentation
using the Apache POI API in a Java application.
You created a presentation and added slides to it, added content like images
and text to slides, formatted slide content by formatting text and image
content, as well as use different slide layouts as appropriate for the
presentation, added a few hyperlinks on slides, and finally, saw how to read
the existing presentation and do some modifications to it like reordering
and deleting slides.
Since we've come to an end of the course, Apache API Integration in Java,
let's do a quick recap. You learned about the main components of the Apache
PDFBox API like pdfbox, fontbox, xmpbox to create,
modify, and extract content from PDFs to work with
fonts and to work with XMP metadata, respectively.
You learned how to use the basic features of the library for creating,
modifying, and extracting content from PDF documents,
followed by some of the advanced features like using metadata,
different fonts, splitting, merging, and encrypting PDFs.
Then in the next half of the course,
you learned about the main components of the Apache POI library like
XSSF to work with all XML‑compliant MS Excel files, XWPF to work with
all XML‑compliant MS Word documents, and XSLF to work with all
XML‑compliant MS PowerPoint files.
Next,
you used the API features to create MS Excel, Word, and
PowerPoint documents, and also did some modifications to those
documents using the available API features.
It should be noted that there are lots of different features available in
these APIs, and we looked at the most commonly used ones out of them in
this course. The APIs will keep evolving and more rich and new features
will get added with its future releases.
So this is the journey that you've taken throughout this course,
and I really hope that this course helped you to get started with these two
Apache APIs for generating PDF and Microsoft documents.
I'm encouraging you to try out the other API features available as well
and make use of these APIs in your next Java project.
Thank you for taking this course. Good luck, and happy coding.